Docs Update: Create new "Writing Connector Documentation" guide (#48083)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/sftp-bulk.md

5. Enter the **Host Address**.
6. Enter your **Username**
7. Enter your authentication credentials for the SFTP server (**Password** or **Private Key**). If you are authenticating with a private key, you can upload the file containing the private key (usually named `rsa_id`) using the Upload file button.

> 8. In the section titled "The list of streams to sync", enter a **Stream Name**. This will be the name of the stream that will be created in your destination. Add additional streams by clicking "Add".

Author: ```suggestion
8. In the section titled "The list of streams to sync", enter a **Stream Name**. This will be the name of the stream that will be created in your destination. Add additional streams by clicking "Add". 
```

#### File-specific Configuration

> Depending on your **File Type** selection, you will be presented with a few configuration options specific to that file type.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on your **File Type** selection, you will be presented with a few configuration options specific to that file type. 
```

If your files are in a folder, include the folder in your glob pattern, like `my_folder/my_prefix_*.csv`.

> #### Copy Raw Files Configuration

Reviewer: This is where we should be a bit more specific (beyond this can go in the centralized file transfer docs page):
* Requires Platform V1.2 or greater
* Currently only supports Destination S3, with more to come soon.
* Currently supports files up to 1 GB in size.

Author: @Hesperide - Added. Can you re-review? And can you please suggest inline edits if you have further suggestions?

Copy raw files without parsing their contents. Bits are copied into the destination exactly as they appeared in the source. Recommended for use with unstructured text data, non-text and compressed files.

> Format options will not be taken into account. Instead, files will be transferred to the file-based destination without parsing underlying data.

Reviewer 2: 👍

If your files are in a folder, include the folder in your glob pattern, like `my_folder/my_prefix_*.csv`.

#### Copy Raw Files Configuration

Copy raw files without parsing their contents. Bits are copied into the destination exactly as they appeared in the source. Recommended for use with unstructured text data, non-text and compressed files.

> Format options will not be taken into account, files storage in supported file-based destination without parsing underlying data.

Reviewer: Is there a typo here?

Author: @Hesperide - Possibly. How is this:

```suggestion
Format options will not be taken into account. Instead, files will be transferred to the file-based destination without parsing underlying data.
```

> 
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```
